# Transferring Spatial University Data into Linked Open Data

Todayâ€˜s universities usually have to manage a significant amount of information
and have to provide systems to handle common services like finding and booking
courses for students. As the current time demands it, those services are often
provided over web sites participating in the Web of Documents. The domain of a
university is quite complex and as a consequence it is likely that different
isolated information systems handling a particular part of the domain evolve.
This results in an environment, where information is distributed over multiple
disconnected data silos that may have different formats and/or data owners. Such
a situation prevents universities of fully exploiting their data.

The same applies at the moment to the TU Vienna. For example to find a special
location like a certain lecture hall and how it can be accessed without
obstacles like stairways for persons with mobility-impairments, one has to
search for information on different web sites, scan floor plans and eventually
construct a convenient route to the location based on the gathered knowledge.
For humans this procedure does not constitute a problem, but think of machines.
The process of information retrieval through data mining or harvesting is quite
difficult and/or time consuming. As a consequence application developers that
may have innovative ideas, which would be a benefit for the information
environment of the university, face a barrier that is hard to overcome. LD is
one way to transform this information published on multiple web sites into a
university-wide data space.

This thesis aims to show the potential that could evolve, if spatial data about
TU Vienna is transformed into a machine-readable form such as LD, by proposing a
prototype of a map application based on a subset of spatial data about TU
Vienna.

**Work:** Read the whole work [here](thesis.pdf). The described prototype can be
found [here](https://github.com/khaller93/finder).

**Contact:**

* Kevin Haller - [contact@kevinhaller.dev](contact@kevinhaller.dev)